I can't see dirver's profile photo.
I only see the notification if I catch it live (right when it pops up and notifies me outside of FB). But otherwise, I see that I have notifications, but I can't actually view them.
When I type the typing area should slide above my keyboard but it doesn't.
I ran it, and promptly got driver problems with a failure to resume from sleep and hibernation etc.
Still calls keep dropping with the new updates
I just started the free trial today, entered my credit info, and I can't watch anything.
So I think the issue is on the app side, since it's force closed after I update it.
When I am at my 60th like it tells me about the 45th like, when I am on 100th like, it tells me about the 75th like and so on.
Have problems logging in with correct details..
Secondly, when I'm typing a message I can't see what I'm typing.
I am getting this annoying error of "Not Enough Storage: Error downloading offline translation files.
Also sometimes trying to upload a pic from another app, IG will state it doesn't support the file.
It is always coming up with an error on booking.
After running defraggler i am now unable to read anything off of the drive.
It will play for 10 seconds or so then stop and keep buffering then just stop playing altogether.
1, the installer, asks me if i want to install software(I specifically clicked everything to stop it intalling third prty software and it does it anyway)
I keep on asking for security codes sent to SMS and have not received any codes!!!
Check-in was not possible to do, several errors throwed away while doing it.
I've tried to uninstall ig-restart phone-install ig again, but the issue still persist.
And also notifications don't work, it's showing you post from days and days ago instead of recent ones......
Tried on a few devices ranging from android 4 to the latest 6.0.1. Will NOT stop freezing during initial commercial break.
I really love my inspire but with the damage htc sync is doing to my computer it leaves a sour taste.
It's not bad but whenever I'm translating something from Marathi to any other language I shouldn't have to see "Translate from hindi" as a suggestion in the bottom coz I checked & it doesn't show "Translate from Marathi" as suggestion in the bottom when you translate something from hindi.
Got several confirmation emails.
What a load of crap, have to watch an ad each time it crashes.
Just downloaded it and it crashed 4 times on me in less than 3 minutes...
But the problem is, after a few weeks of having it installed on my tablet, the app started to close on itself a few seconds after I opened it.
I received an email saying that my booking was incomplete.
I'm getting notifications of messages but they aren't showing up in the message thread until hours later so I've uninstalled and reinstalled the app only to now be unable to link Twitter or my Facebook business page.
Used to be great - now it gives a US IP address.
waste software, not working properly.
Agree with [name]: this +170MB 10.1.3 version, after my recent (June 2012) update programme does not display properly on my XP based PC, showing parts of my desktop screen.
When i try to transfer Wi-Fi passwords or something else in basic info it says no storage avaliable please deselect some basic items and it is kinda annoying please fix that and i will give 5 star
I downloaded it, played a browser game for 5 minutes/CRASH!
Device overheats when using.
This game starts up properly, but after only a few seconds it crashed.
I have 32GB left yet it says not enough storage.
It won't even come up when I tap it.
Runtime errors - pciture does not show.
I post a picture and it starts alright but after a while it starts to lag.
The bitmoji app didn't work for my snap chat and once I finished it, it didn't save anything for me cause I was gonna make my bitmoji my picture for my account and I have no what happened.
Logging in I'm told I've the wrong username or password, log in online without any problems.
The game freezes up.
Pot player could be one of the best video players ever, but just too many bugs, and poor documentation, with almost zero support.
On the latest update at the master challenge it's always saying that I should connect to the internet even though I'm connected.
And then the app froze my whole phone.
Now it is impossible for me to log in!!!!
Can only get a programme to play about every 1 in 10 attempts if i'm even lucky then.
Also you cannot unfollow anyone because you press it and yet you still see there post ect....
Very good App, but cannot logout.
I think it is good but needs adjustments because for example it wouldn't let me connect to snapchat and I know it might just be my internet but I have checked that and it is still not working
After multiple re-installs (and phone restarts) and manually giving the app camera permission, the app fails to launch the camera to take a selfie.
App constantly crashes and looks like it was designed in 2009... Have to open the app multiple times before I get to a login screen, usually receiving a 'not responding' error.
It regularly says "disconnected", won't send messages between my husband and I for 10+ minutes at times(even connected to fast wifi) and is a pain on both slow wifi and data.
Refreshing the feed regularly gives a different order.
Now, I can't insert a new credit card, while booking.
1. It crash constantly -- often APPCRASH
Anyone with Android 5 or above it cannot backup or restore data correctly.
I cannot remove contacts, i dont have choice to call via skype or to actual phone, i dont have choice to send skype messages or SMS.
Unfortunately, it often fails to listen to the end of a sentence, misunderstands me (pronunciation), misparses sentences often, so it does not make me feel confident that what I am saying is correctly translated in these SE Asian languages.
My keyboard covers the typing.
It remembers the settings for Twitter, but not Facebook.
NOT SHOWING NEW ONES
Not very stable at all.
Crashes with inexplicable errors over and over - can't even install at all (on Vista)
I logged out of it because it wouldn't retrieve my booking details which were correct as well.
Adds that have no problem playing and then terrible audio and video quality from the actual programme that also constantly buffers and lags.
Even though it says my fb page is linked it winds up sharing images direct to my personal page
Tapping on a friend's comment highlighted beneath a long thread doesn't take me to the comment.
It doesn't remember my page at all.
I can't use windowed mode?
And the rest of the likes come one by one very late making my phone sound for no reason even in the middle of the night.
