The give me a room which was so smelly and the floor was wet, then they change me to another room which the power is not working the room, and had to wait 40 mins to change me to another room for the third time.
We booked through Priceline (paying more than listed price on hotel website). No one was at the desk when we arrived for about 10 minutes.
Driver refused my trip.
At present not providing snacks evening time.
we had quite a bad first impression at our first stay!
Then you have to search for it again and doesn't even resume from where it stops.
We're unable to see them as if they are sorted from Z to A.
And the sheets were scratchy.
A good hotel using substand rooms
The resort tried to keep lt clean but could not keep up.
I'm not crazy about the new layout in general...
Ugly!
Could do better.
Arrived to hotel to wait 40 minutes at midnight, because the family before me had reservation that they could not accommodate due to overbooking hotel.
Why you always change things?
The room had no view and was poorly lit, pool was not working, restaurant was not working during evenings.
You would expect that an online service costing 7.00 Euros a month would justify a decent application on the PC alone, if not on all platforms!
Sauna was also not working.
Probably the worst banking app ever made, It's slow, its ugly and its barely functional when it does decide to open up and load (Especially the transactions not being in order at all) An absolute joke.
Air con didn't work in room.
Not as lush as some hotels in Bali.
I'm giving it another week and if it's not improved I'm ditching IG.
Lobby/bar was very sober.
The bathroom was old and unclean, the daughters bathroom stank of sewrage and the shower was faulty.
Maintenance in general was poor with a lot of small things broken e.g. bar stool which was left at the counter, chain on sink stopper in my bathroom and repairs were needed in the vitality suite.
it is fast, but the controls are lousy, plus it keeps installing on my desktop shortcuts to place I don't want.
Do they actually test these updates first or just put them out and hope for the best they work....
Reception staff weren't very welcoming!
This Demo is Reasonable, but you can get tired of it in at least two days of gameplay.
The only thing that wasn't that perfect was the internet connection.
All offered drinks and food at the restaurants and bars are too expensive.
A lot of the time my purchase won't show up.
This time hotel very noisy with people slamming doors and shouting down corridors late at night - didn't sleep which defeats purpose of staying near for early flight in morning...
* Inaccurate output picture.
bathroom sliding door quite heavy to move
The thing that I find a lot faulty is that I archived a few of my photos.
Limited TV channels
Ridiculous please fix it.
very filthy hotel bad staff all around ..
This app was great but I now rarely see any photos I want to because of the new timeline setup.
data seems all garbled up.
Why does evrything need all these gifs, stories and whatever else 12 year olds are into these days?
I do not like it.
I'm left having to use the web browser version.
We recieved a letter/note welcoming us and wishing us well for our honeymoon but no macarons (I guess I have a sweet tooth so I did mourn the lack of these in our room!).
very dull.
6 lines of text on a 2560 pixel high screen.
The check in reception area was chaotic!
Had a very bad night's sleep.
Just junk.
Firstly, I'm not able to put up text on my story.
Breakfast room is not as nice as the rest of the hotel
The pool was packed with about 20 kids, so my family was not able to enjoy that part.
Breakfast Restaurant is too big to enjoy a relaxed breakfast, coffee always arrived late due to number of people in one spot, food set up in 6 different locations was tiring to find what you are looking for...
Doesn't have Chromecast support.
The app really has to be optimised before a whole new version is released and microsoft needs to stop treating its users like beta testers.
EXTREMELY POOR FOCUSING, ESPECIALLLY ON CLOSE-UP VIEWING OF STREETS AND HOUSING.
I don't understand what the problem is with the "disconnected", but I've tried multiple ways to resolve with no luck.
WHY should we suffer that? was my and my husband's question to the manager, who by the way spent an hour to find 5 minutes to talk to us.
so much for virus free!
For someone like me who makes a living from Instagram it is very disappointing to see my growth stunted to this degree.
For a bank of this reputation I would expect they put more money and effort into the development into their customers mobile banking app.
Likewise, we requested for early check in since we arrived around 8am however, rooms were only available around 3pm so we had to wait.
The internet in our room was not really good at all - if we needed good internet we used it in the breakfast dining area..
We'd like to thank Sofitel managers for completely silent reaction and ignorance of the guests inconvenience.
And now it ignores my 'open links externally' preference for some sites.
Very disappointing!
Room was grubby, mold on windows frames.
I just started the free trial today, entered my credit info, and I can't watch anything.
What am I paying for TV license for!
Also the bathrooms in the lobby didnt hace any mirrors.
Breakfast was average, limited to availability & under cooked.
Kiddish modulation effects.
Small rooms, bed was very uncomfortable.
Any time I try to watch anything live it fails.
With almost every resort with evening music Sofitel was the only one without!
They even didn't have an iron available to use.
Have problems logging in with correct details..
My bath had not been cleaned properly when I arrived as there were two brown lines around the top of the bath where somebody had obviously used it before me!
No one told you constant changing users interface is uncomfortable?
Good place but not excellent for the brand and price.
the floor had dust all round the edges of the room and the rug had bad stains on it which didn't make us comfortable to walk on without slippers everything in the room was not up to our cleanliness standard.
Had the feeling that hotel has free parking but turn to be a public park with fees
Why is the status so deeply hidden into the options?
slow wifi
We had a bad experience trying to order breakfast in the restaurant.
Also musty smell.
They should tell you that there will be other software loaded onto your computer, and you should have a chance to decline.
The only bad thing is I wish you could do more in the game.
It was nothing but confusion!
We phoned reception to tell them and the girl hung up without saying a word.
WiFi, occasion water issues
FREE VERSIONS ARE USELESS - I WOULD NEVER PURCHASE AN AVO PRODUCT.
Every update makes this application worse.
Very cramp, difficult to walk trough it.
it cannot be install on laptop
People getting up first and taking the sunbeds but not using them until much later in the day!
also i had to wait to find a song for about 7 mins because the ads were loading...
The place did not have much buzz.
Hard Bed.
Suck!!
Staff very slow at pool bar.
Just awful , there was odor in the room and no housekeeping every day .
Perfect perfect sea view room, really enjoyed my stay here in Radisson Blu.
I don't know if I like this app anymore.
The actual bed was very comfortable and we loved our undisturbed sleep with the ocean sounds in the background, it was just the getting on and off that was a problem for me.
You've updated the app to allow for posting multiple photos/videos in one post without creating a repost option for these types of posts.
Can't easily see contacts or share content from other apps.
Food is good but overpriced - breakfast for 70$?!. The rooms are ok but not very charming and have hardly no athmosphere.
I asked her these details and got answers very hard..
The new look is probably the worst move they could have made.
Fair english skills and lack of training especially in the restaurants are not expected in a 5* resort.
Avoid.
WooGamble Browser!
Now with the new appearance it made it modern, ok, but modern does not mean better regarding features and ease of use.
Where does the licence fee go you have to wonder.
Beach side seafood restaurant was a depressed spot at night without any music compared to the next resort who had a DJ every night on the beach playing chill sunset House music, where we spent most sunsets.
Hotel needs an update.
Getting into and out of the parking garage took a while because it was on a lift.
I've been sat next to a friend messaging another friend and it's telling me the friend I'm sat next to was last on Viber 20 mins ago (for example) when I know they weren't near their phone.
I also had to block my nose when I get to the shower booth.
Will never stay there again!
Very slow font desk and the support is very low to attain.
If i had to list a negative, I'd say that the ipod dock for sound system was for old iphone 4, not the newer plug and should probably be updated at some point.
I hate it.
As of this moment i have ordered and receved 3 seperate parts from other venders from hong kong from start to finish before they even prossesed my order.
I found the carpark eventually after driving around the block three times - and then had trouble locating it again on my departure.
1, the installer, asks me if i want to install software(I specifically clicked everything to stop it intalling third prty software and it does it anyway)
After I did the only impressive aspect was the Login Screen.
It's stupid!
The beds were a little hard.
Room service meal sizes are very small, especially for men
I only ever use rte for toy show and I can't watch it!
Very friendly staff and willing to serve but they do not get the detail right.
And I can't fix this unless I convert my Instagram back to a personal account.
this game is the best but it honestly its not working
Now it has become unorganized and the most important issue is that we don't know the pattern it works upon.
The room was a bit too hot and we heard a few other people say that too but apart from that it was a wonderful stay.
Horrible program!!!!!!!!!!!
It's very annoying & when it's constantly happening it appears quite insulting.
And now I can't see the notifications tab from the 'Most recent' screen.
Rooms and the entire hotel looks and feels old and unkept.
This is a waste of pure great time in the awesome day we have.
Middle quality restaurant and very expensive for the region
If you prefer slick modern interiors and infinity pools, this is not the place for you
Looks really cheap, more like a hostel than a hotel.
Main pool area under renovation & closed.
The Price is rather high for what is offered.
Don't bother with this place it's a waste of your money, there's way better around for the same price.
I would appreciate a more Relaxing atmosphere when taking breakfast, as the Ladys there should be more discrete.
Renovations underway - this property is dated.
Hotel is in desperate need for a renovation.
Limited options
Sometimes it's good to be disruptive but this update really feels like a downgrade.
This spoilt the outlook on the beach side.
I have a lot of Problems on Classic NotePad for Batch Files,
A bit unfortunate that they were remodelling the lobby at the time we stayed.
Partner signed for our order , then there was extra added to our bill at a charge of $120. Asked for cctv footage as we knew we were in the right but were refused to sight this.
Classic rooms had an interior courtyard view & no breakfast!
* no menu, it is very hard to find settings * too much space between conversation bubbles, very little text is shown.
Very small bathroom for the size of the room.
Recently the notifications come in way too slow.
causing very slow motion move..
- Many defects.
The app is good but there are many ads, they will tell you at the beginning .
Pool bar shuts at 7pm and there wasn't any entertainment to offer if you wanted to have a few drinks at the resort and if you did won't any kind of entertainment you half to travel 2o min to seminyak or kuta so its a very dull atmosphere at night and food was expensive for the size portions you get could of at least give bigger portions if wont to charge that price
Trash
The food at the "Welcome Home Reception" was sparse and unappetizing.
I absolutely hate what this new update did to Skype's overall look.
Because of that and the disregard for their other guests I will not be staying here again.
Simply ugly and not used friendly!
I would have preferred to be informed at time of booking.
Very big and noisy hotel with people coming and going at all hours.
Cleaning service either didn't knock at all or barely tapped the door and entered the room.
Majority of my followers don't even see my stuff anymore.
they just took out a bunch of small things that were enjoyable.
Takes 2-3 weeks just to get the item from the warehouse into shipping.
Needs badly updating.
Really feel like I'm missing out on half of the experience of the app.
Th room was much smaller than the photo image we saw.
Major technical fault in app.
Does Not record Drops most of background
This is horrible!!
After the long travel we were exhausted to get the room..
They sent us to the tip of nusa dua where they arrange water sports : the place is the most utterly disgusting beach with tons of boats and oil in the sea: bottom line you would not send there your worst enemy.
Check-in was not possible to do, several errors throwed away while doing it.
this app is a wast of space in the app store.
The owners will do a great job if decide to invest into turning it back into a modern and comfortable facility!
The room was much smaller than expected.
The mouse is very glitchy often clicking when I don't want it to or moving on it's own.
A/c is bad couldn't slp it was extremely hot
It is offensive to users to not allow us to see the very people we have chosen to follow.
Finally the in-house restaurant could really do with more lunchtime options as there are no bars and cafes around.
Their Spa was a joke, I booked a 2 1/2 hour massage and it was in one of their old motel rooms, where they had made no effort to make it look relaxing, at the end was a type of milk bath, and they just filled the tub in the tiny bathroom up, that had mould all over the walls..
Staff was careless and gave a room to us when it's already occupied by other guest.
I can't log in at all and I find that very sad on the companies part.
The lady at check out was unpleasent - and the restaurant staff during breakfast was rude.
The only negative was that the room key (card) was discharged almost after every use.
I've tried on different devices, restarting the phone and re-opening the app a bunch of times.
Food quality was not stable especially at night!
Well everything works great but there is a bug on my core plus.
The breakfast is disappointing.
Stopped responding on first run.
The bath and shower facilities in the room are beginning to look tired and a bit dirty and are a little too dark.
What's the deal with all these stupid spinning circles and then asking "are you sure?"
Very difficult to fix, as no restore point was evident.
Luckily, the window opens and brought in a nice breeze.
Overall I think this app works as well as online Google Translate, which is to say it doesn't work so well with anything longer than word or two.
It ended up taking about 1.5 hours to finally get our eggs benedict even though it was a very simple order.
Should've kept Facebook out of it.
I didn't feel confident enough to eat here.
The view was bad and we could not even see the sky.
I am now seeing many users complain about this new layout, and I highly agree with them.
Was this new design even reviewed?
The food and drink at the hotel is relatively expensive for the area - As an example, a Bintang is 60,000 IDR at the hotel and 35,000 IDR at a local bar.
The restuarant at the front of the hotel was being renovated (May 2017) they worked 24hrs a day and even though they were Very quiet at night it did wake me once or twice a night
The facility looks beat up and not so clean.
I was not pleased and now I get a little apprehensive booking at all on this site.
All my other apps are working perfectly, so it must be the app to blame, not my device.
I've used Photoscape for years but slightly disappointed in the new version.
The heat would have definitely burned a child's feet.
this mobile app now is useless
Not overall great, I mean I know that fidget spinners are popular among people, but a game online about them is bad.
No air-conditioning in restaurant.
The front desk was very rude.
Microsoft have no idea of designing mobile apps.
Collecting a lot of garbage during installation.
My only complaint, and I really wouldn't even call it a complaint as much as an observation is that the breakfast provided was just average.
Please fix the notifications...
Really Bad and NOT really free!
The new update is trash..
This is just an advert for you to sign up NOT FREE
Only complaint is that it gets 'last online' times wrong.
Lots of stains on the bedroom wall and on the chair.
Number of good add-ons is limited
Also I don't see why you have to download loads of other apps to do things like collages just have it on one app fgs
Pretty diapointing.
We stayed there 12 months ago and I feel the maintenance is suffering particularly the bathrooms and public loo's
I typed a Singer down and it said no results found.
The bathroom light would not shut off and we were forced to sleep (or make a attempt to) with that light on.
The only thing that worked was the intro...
I had to additionally install Windows .
Big step forward , lag and ugly UI
No facilities for tea or coffee in room.
The single bed also sagged badly in the middle.
Electrical issues early am.
The scramble egg on the 10th of june 2016 was watery not fluffy.
Unfortunately unfriendly staff.
Older hotel.
The mosquitoes WILL come into the toilet for the master bedroom on the ground floor due to the open concept of the toilet.
the wifi at the hotel was slow.
- Non-Intuitive UI for creating installers.
Hotel is a bit old, need lots of renovation.
Negative points : Needs to open chrome ( unlike desktop gtalk )
Ladies toilets downstairs were dated and grotty.
WE ASKED TO REPAIR THEM AND THEY TOLD US TO CHANGE ROOM...
The app has been so glitchy of late.
Pool area as well as beach area can be a bit noisy at times (lots of jetski activities close to beach)
Even the smallest of all bank in India gives far more app than this one ....
it needs much tweeking.
Instead of download this app use of camera is good in fact much better option.
there is no special program for party and dancing in the hotel , there is a smal part in nikki beach and only one DJ was playing music only for 5 or 10 person .
made the floor always look dirty and depressing for a holiday spot.
New release is a backward step.
Spa very expensive as well (Half of the room price is too high for the region)
I really love my inspire but with the damage htc sync is doing to my computer it leaves a sour taste.
I don't feel like the seller tried to resolve the issue either just telling me what i should do even after telling them i still have not received my package.
* no option to hide a conversation * old chats are shown in the list with the last line of text, but after opening them there is no text shown in the text * cannot share content to skype from other apps (gallery, browser, etc.)
Skype 8.0 is totally a downgrade.
Could be a great (All in one Video Downloader/Converter/Editor) but very poor design , does not work properly!
Beds a little hard & pool food menu isn't the best, could have more variety!
For a simple Video Editor it in not intuitive and requires too much time to learn basic functions.
really good add-on but they need to get better servers
Installers are very large.
It not only removes singer but most of song
Olivo restaurant on site very good, though service was poor due to multiple bookings for RC confirmation parties!
Not as customizable as Firefox
We planned for a tour of Prague, while we were recommended a tour, we were told that the tour included entry tickets to the sights like the palace or the Jewish quarter, it wasn't so.
Only negative: our room had a mouldy smell.
The absolute worst media player you will ever find, on any platform.
I had spiders and cobwebs in the toilet, shower drain had mould, the room had an ant infestation and under the bed there were pistachio shells.
Not very good prosecco/warm, my Michael Collins tasted like pure lemon but the waitress kindly replaced mine and I was not charged for it so it was handled very well.
Shocking add would give -5 if i could disgraceful nothing done to fix this...
Lack of order when going for breakfest just poorly managed
Nobody download it.
What a load of crap, have to watch an ad each time it crashes.
Plz fix this
earlier i use to play video on KMPlayer, but from last 1 year it become outdated with lots of lags.
Disgusting new layout!
It's a shame the transfers aren't complimetary considering how much you spend on accommodation here.
Extraordinarily disappointed.
The holder for the shower nozzle was low, so to wash your hair you either had to bend low or use only one hand to rinse while holding the nozzle with the other hand.
Breakfast pictures looked much better than in reality.
THE LIGHTS IN THE ROOM DIDN'T WORK.
I understand it may be ur policy for safety reasons to have locked windows in rooms on higher floor but it's a pity I cannot open the window to a small degree to access fresh air especially during the night.
The rooms are all unique, and well laid out - although the switches are a bit complicated with no hotel directory to explain things.
The rooms seemed unfinished, walls were artless and plain..
I had to uninstall the app on my phone and reinstall it because of storage and space issues.
The rooms are poorly sized and apportioned, lacking sufficient towels and no complimentary water.
I was pretty unfortunate and was there with milions of elderly tourists, who were queueing up for coffee etc.
download takes forever:
i cannot open this game.
Staff at reception were not much help, we were not even asked how our stay was at check out
This is THE most problematic program on my PC and it's developed by Microsoft themselves!
-There was a bad smell in the toilet.
Attention to detail was lacking all round.
A good stand in for Corel 8 and Photo Paint 8 not being able to use in the new vista which stinks.
Few years ago I've got excited about the updates, they did a great job, but now they making big mistakes.
Also it keeps making itself default browser.
The landscape near pool in front of room not well maintained.
Fix it and I'll review it.
This is awful...
The hotel was so big that it was so hard to find our room, we got lost quite a few times lol.
Been a month now and still no package.
Overall the service is not good at all.
The restaurant looks like a school canteen, the food - likewise.
The facility is not so kids friendly no free water or some sort for the kids like in westin which is just next door.
Itools did not detect my IPhone SE, , tried 3 USB connections, inluding back.
The superior room was horrid, chips on the floor from previous guests and noodles in the bathroom.
Slow service; staff were eager to offer help, but it was slow in coming.
every time i had a shower i would gag as the smell from the sowers would come up and i just hated getting in there a shower wasn't a nice experience at all i used to dread having a shower my husband felt the same as me.
I like the program idea but i searching a program for CREATE a windows 7 theme to patch and no a patcher
The movements of the fidget don't work like a real fidget
not scanning into PDF but only image formats.
Expensive for the quality of hotel.
I'm getting notifications of messages but they aren't showing up in the message thread until hours later so I've uninstalled and reinstalled the app only to now be unable to link Twitter or my Facebook business page.
The bed was extremely comfortable but as we were in the older part of the hotel the floor was very off level which made us feel we were staying in a room in a crooked house...
I would prefer thicker and firmer pillows instead of flat pillows.
Even the security officers were not able to stop the noisy adults from partying every night in their rooms with loud music.
We arrived hotel at 9:00PM, paying the same price for buffet dinner, but, many dishes were empty and staff serving at cooking station was not there.....
there was no shower curtain up on arrival to the room .
second time booked a classic room first time not a good experience either air conditioning plant outside window
The bathroom was really old and unfresh.
The shower in our room didn't work and the rooms where to hot and we could not alter the temperature as it was centrally controlled.
However it does require upgradation.
The hotel needs a serious renovation.
Not executed to its full potential but for what it's worth you've made a game out of a useless pokemon.
We didn't really like blonde lady at reception..
The power points were in odd locations, especially when trying to use the vintage jug supplied.
Extremely frustrating process to download, eventually the download took 3 days!!
I've tried everything the forums have suggested as well as reporting it, but no response from IG Totally ruins IG for me.
They should leave the designing of apps to Android designers.
The new update butchers and removes so many features.
Sad as I used to love this site.
when it failed on 64 bit to bring up the Apache admin, I installed it on a small 32 bit laptop, which worked fine.
This was very disappointing compared to other radisson blu fitness facilities I have stayed in.
* Required so much user interface.
Now it's full of scrap, and I am really upset that I just have to use it further.
And no more split screen functionality?
No minibar and bathroom was tiny.
Installed and doe NOT open.
Even worse than the tiny room was the mound refrigeration unit outside my windows which meant I could not even open a window.
mini frig was a little noisy.
This program has not saved anything ever.
TOO MANY ADS, makes the game boring and frustrating.
It is not up to the hotel standard and we were disappointed with the old school style and problems.
It is noisy and a bit dusty at breakfast
Very very frustrating.
Borders should have a distinct colour, like magenta or something so they are readily discernible.
Half of the functionality is gone, it's ugly and hard to use.
When i try to transfer Wi-Fi passwords or something else in basic info it says no storage avaliable please deselect some basic items and it is kinda annoying please fix that and i will give 5 star
It's a decent program, although it's compatibility makes it so that friends with newer Windows OS systems cannot use this program.
The lack of balcony in upper rooms deflates the overall comfort, as well as some empty rooms and halls downstairs.
There was no whirlpool, and talking to a few guest it seemed that they got there room for a fraction of the price
They was not even a Gin & Tonic possible.
Drinks in room fridge weren't cold.
Lots of noise like loud music, being woken up by noisy guests etc disturbed our relaxation a bit....
It's sad to say we left this property feeling very disappointed.
All I've ever seen on this is adverts.
It was a large property which meant that things were hard to find and easy to get lost.
Bring the old version back!
a bit far from city center, need to take public transport if you don't travel with a car.
Waste of time.
Deleting the app.
That breakfast wasn't included in the price quoted.
I am not satisfied, because you have not any info about the system requirements.
Device overheats when using.
It look worst.
Road to seminyak main street is too dark.
Finally, on checkout, they could not produce an invoice and promised me that I would receive one by email but I had to call and email to see if I can receive a copy of my invoice.
The restaurant didn't open until 10:00am for breakfast.
A very small niggle was having to get our room keys reprogrammed a few times to get access to our room.
Somehow manages to annoy me every site I go to.
Facilities were old.
The room was badly designed; from lighting, to positioning of switches to the finishings, it's not well laid out and thought through.
someone should have replied to our request.
No kettle in the room.
-When you play this game, you know immediately, its a free game.
Lots of mosquitos when sitting outside by room and pool.
I've stayed at other Sofitel resorts around the world, this property damages the brand.
i left my shoes at the hotel, when i went back to get them, they told me they could not find them.
Od you're gonna try and reinvent skype at least let the people who loved the old version go back to it!
If these kinda updates continue then doom's day is not far away skype.
I used to get the occasional ad (once a month maybe) and didn't mind it much, I would either hide it or block it, however since the recent update I'm bombarded by them.
expensive food and drink and the basic standard rooms are poor, would need to upgrade
One elevator of the two never worked and never appeared to be under immediate repair.
Extremely weak signal for wi fi , very annoying situation.
Apparently the app isn't compatible with Android...
Room was beautiful but on the small side.
easy lay-out, perhaps a bit too sober and short for older people.
I'm glad everything worked to Sweden, but now it all failed.
This app is absolutely terrible.
Our room was a little generic and the desk area hung too far into the room.
when we complained the manager gave us a free meal at the beach bar but we would have rather a nice clean room.
Hotel eas not so full, but they give me a very bad room it the behind of the building very bad room for this rate..
I'm a dedicated Skype user, and I don't like this new addition at all, in fact, I detest it.
It's VERY deceptive, makes you wonder what else the app is lying about
It seemed as though we had to walk a kilometer to and from our room just to get to the reception area.
- Bloated installers.
Ripped off the pool bar.
I do not want this service nor do I want to be billed for this
And have to go to specific profiles to see if I've missed things which is unnecessary when it should just be a simple thing to see.
Food prices are ridiculously high even for Bali.
And there is no stroler pathways to the beach.
Room is very small, no natural light comes in from very small window that looks out onto ugly small court.
The app is awesome however lately it's been making my photos cropped before I crop them shortly after I snap the pic.
Why is the logout also hidden that way?
and work on the graphics they doesn't look like real..
Pitty!
Staff weren't overly friendly except at breakfast.
Our room wasn't the cleanest especially the bathroom.
Picking "my colour" doesn't really add to much.
You can not edit pdf files with this program.
My main issue was that the room we stayed in did not look as on the photos when i did the booking and it was big disepointment.
What a heap of you know what.
My experience was very poor.
The restaurant and breakfast - way below my expectations.
She didn't inform us about breakfast , prepayment or anything..
The hotel bar is a bit poor equipped.
Just avoid!!
-The person in the reception had a limited english.
Wow this is really a waste of time.
Not a good app.
Not working,
Sometimes very chaotic service.
Especially at sunset if there is more activity around the bar, it would be nice.
Its so unnecessary and I kinda hate it but whatever.
We have been Hilton Diamond members for close to 10 years and I can say this is one of the worst hotels we've stayed in.
Rooms sound be sound proof!
The wifi service was going off and on (connection ) but were working well
The quilt was too warm.
You have to do one job to do, and you failed it.
This is inefficient.
Housekeeping needs alot of improvement to learn from other 5 star facilities in Singapore, Shanghai, Dubai.
The front desk staff struggled a bit with English.
We were only provided one small soap for use in the shower and the sink and not much else.
For the type of hotel it is, that is unacceptable.
- We were waiting for around 2 hours for check-in and got rushed to check-out
One of worst app I have seen.
And when it did, I could not fix the errors because I've used the trial version.
Carrying a title "scan2pdf" and not doing it, it is not what a user is really expecting.
Now system has phantom files and folders that won't go away.
Not as good or functional as iOS app or Android.
I will cancel my subscription if you don't add automatic calls
The wifi was slow and the tv wasn't very clear.
Don't fix what isn't broken Skype because it only makes it worse.
The room was run down even rhough we stayed in the new section that was 7 yrs old the shower leaked through the wall in to the bed room wall blistering the paint, cockroach in bathroom ever night and the mirror was corroded the shower curtain rail was plastic and it fell down twice also towel rail was coming away from the wall the chair at the desk was dirty did not want to siti on it.
The bathroom was a little run down (leaky shower - we did report it). The room was next to the service elevator so very noisy early in the morning but otherwise it was great.
The only thing is why do you need internet connection to name your Magikarp?
Help me!
This update is absolute garbage.
#3. Come back and apologize
I don't want apps (I have those in my phone and tablet). I want programs that work.
Very invasive party electronic musik all day on the swimming pool - from other hotel actually
The wifi was a bit slow and laggy- could definitely be improved!
So hard to use, we wrote Beebify.com instead
Toilet seat worn out
Wifi connect poor in the room.
This is all very well but the creator of the program does NOT honour his promise to provide unlock key after you have made a donation
It's worst app it doesn't allow you to see any movie I prefer don't download and don't waste your time
Wasn't what I thought it was going to be.
Please bring back the like button, the way it is now makes a lot of things very inconvenient and frustrating.
It' s not free !!
Please fix
Again lots off muscito's, but they try to help as much as they can, to reduce them, by spraying the rooms and sometimes the whole area.
Breakfast is OK, but not the best.
staff was very nice but needs to get more professional
Although you can't really change the flight despite the app making the impression to be able to
The drinks were a little expensive.
There was no coffee machine or anything in the room - No minibar - No iron we had to ask for it and took a while to get it.
Receptionist did not care or understand when we mentioned this.
Amazing you can get normal songs and for gamers their is well known song from games But and this is big their are too many adds but all in all this is a great app for music and beats
mine says I cant use it
I had the same problem (full screen capture makes a kind of zoom onto the upper-left corner and captures only the 3/4 upper-left corner of the full screen) as Poanage.
Buffet breakfast - food and drinks were at best luke warm and it was expensive.
Even though lots of people contribute in making it's translations better and better(myself included), it still has a very bad translation!
I wasn't offered tea or coffee when seated for breakfast and had to ask twice.
Plus, you have to capture a LOT of extra words to get the coins there, but again, no where near enough for the amount of work you've done!
Only 6 deck chairs by the swimming pool - we were lucky to get seats by the pool.
crash studio!!!!
and I have a 4Mbps line, but the fastest link was like 30kbps!!
Anything apple is most likely a gigantic turd, and iTunes is no exception.
Other then this the hair styles seems quite unrealistic.
Very powerful for a free program, however, it does lack some features and is not very visually appealing.
Had to wait a while for pancakes and eggs to be cooked.
I also went to the help center, I got BLOCKED from USING the HELP CENTER because I was "typing too fast". Yeah, okay.
No Chromecast, poor quality video streams, far too many ads for a service presumably paid for by our licence fee.
Facebook Messenger and Instagram Messages are more faster and easier, smooth in texting than this whatsapp slow startup and close application.
Illegal where i live.
The app banned my cousin out of the blue.
Too many ads!
I am unable to see who is online, nor can I see their status.
This should not really be a four star hotel.
The se ond thing is that the font occasionally gets larger which is a bit annoying.
Very expensive parking (30 EUR/day), Staff not speaking English very well.
The free trial was only 30 min.
I found an ashtray in the elevator leading to the car park (ashtrays desappeared from public places at lest 15-20 years ago)! Carpets in the room and corridor need replacement, colours everywhere are sombre and not cheerful at all.
The text looks like its for elementary school children and its far too big!!
1. No highlight options for different colors
when we arrived our hearts sank, we immediately thought the rooms were not as promised on the booking website.
Club's pool is too small, shadowy and you can get to it only via the club:-(
The same price can get you far nicer resorts in Bali, bad value for money.
Pointless app filling up space on my tablet...
Now this is becoming a social media joke application.
set up programms too easy
Took time to make it work.
Must have more English channels and entertainment for children.
The new algorithm sucks so so much, my likes have decreased by over half!
Worse of all was beach club next door banging out non stop boom boom music 12 hours a day.
not their level(best one)
Although the Italian Restaurant was nice, Italian is a bit restricted and therefore I would have preferred a restaurant which serves more general food.
I've never left a review before but this app is absolutely terrible.
Will not be reserving a room at this hotel in the future.
We are facing problems weekends .
Very disappointed
Breakfast was woefully under cooked and breakfast service very poor.
The location is fine for car drivers, but a significant hike / climb for those arriving by train.
Our room was above the restaurant so we were woken very early with that
The place of the pool it was poor the terrace restaurant tables was 2 feet away from the pool there was just glass to seperate the place we didn't like the pool location so we couldn't swim.
Sample 2 They booked us for dinner on the wrong day I the lounge of a random hotel.
I got to level 59 and uninstalled the game due to playng and wearing the game out.
The beach is quite dirty, but this applies to entire Bali.
Not only was it very confusing on how to even start using the app, but also VERY frustrating trying to even watch a show/movie
Very generic answers and no actually interest that they just lost three bookings for next year.
The 2:1 soap/ shampoo dispenser in the shower was broken and did not dispense anything.
very small lift..
The bar and restaurant staff were very good , in general all the staff were very warm and friendly , with regards to the car parking , you may see some negative comments but it`s ok , the car park is located in a private multi storey park and is about 5 minutes walk back to the hotel , if using this option then take time to google the street view for Union Quay Car Parks Limited in Copley Street , although the hotel will supply a map , I just found it much easier having already seen the layout before my visit , at the time of our visit it was 9 Euros per night
The hotel is very big and my room was located at the very end of wing by the sea front.
I have always found great service in other Mandarin Orientals, but not in this one.
Room service is very slow and the staff appears to be helpful and pleasant but they do not do the tasks.
The new layout is a catastrophe.
Now it is impossible for me to log in!!!!
This is a new hotel but does not deserve a top rating.
Looked forward to using this after version 2 - foolishly purchased it.
The cleanliness of the hotel is questionable.
Very dissapointing with that price of the hotel.
For a 4 Star Hotel, there should have been a fridge in the room, with complimentary water bottles, a kettle, tea bags, coffee sachets, slippers.
Location a little far from city center but plenty of transport options.
Microsoft is amazing doing this app worst and worst.
The only thing was the rooms had a faint smell of damp until aired out
Quite poor cleanliness destroyed my mode during my staying.
This hateful
I understand there are rights issues, but can't you even include all RTE produced programmes?
Downloaded app but nothing worked.
Give me back the old Skype!
Do not get this music app.
2. Compatibility issue: Some of the PDFs are unable to choose texts while there are no problem opening the same document using Acrobat Reader.
Takes so much long to quit
The hotel is nice, staff was pleasant, but didn't meet our expectations 100%.
Enterance of hotel is on a very busy intersection.
As of this moment Charizard isn't worth the purchase.
All links to buy lead to page can't be found,can not find how much it will cost me.
His cooldown is too long for what he gives most of the time.
Useless!
No minibar.
On the last day a drank man that trough up in the pool around 1.30 pm yuck
Mistake 1: when we arrived the hotel told us that the oberoi had a booking for the day before and Mistake 2: we asked to go for dinner at a fun place and they booked a dinner in the EMPTY lounge of an hotel!!?
Old and tired.
You can install it, but you can't import ebooks.
Food at restaurant was below average and very busy.
The only answer to the question why they are treating me like that was that there is no iron available at the moment.
Whenever I get out of my room through the access pool or the corridor, very bad water small hit my head.
- The parking lot is expensive (€20/night) and to get in/out is painfull.
VERY DISAPPOINTING!
Half the hotel was shut down for renovations, we received no notice and affected our stay
The app used to work.
I'd be ok with seeing 2 or 3 per day but in the last couple of weeks it's been totally unacceptable, one every 3-4 posts.
It is a long walk to the breakfast and hotel entrance.
Very difficult to make installers with large amounts of files
I cant see who is online and who isn't.
we were placed at the old building contrary to the one in the picture.
Decent , but the included animations are confusing and very un user friendly.
Also not able to have breakfast.
Staff is really clueless, do not take their advice!
breakfast was poor, parking in private car park was disaster as had to walk way too long distance to hotel,price was expensive for one night and parking to be paid extra was not fair....
Can only get a programme to play about every 1 in 10 attempts if i'm even lucky then.
It's hard to work with in Snapchat.
PLEASE FIX THE NOTIFICATIONS.
Poor lighting , very few English language channels , bathroom decoration a bit outdated
it is beautiful but i want easy download links
There was construction work all over the place, during the day we could either hear the doof Dood of the music or the sound of a jack hammer coming from the pool.
Even the new rooms are dated.
Meals weren't that good.
The car park is not conveniently located too far to walk on a wet day.
Please do not get this stupid music app!
Service can be better!
Very unpleasant smell of moist in rooms (we had 3 rooms with different locations), long waits for breakfast, unprofessional staff at dinner restaurant making us wait for 40 minutes to get a bottle of wine, unflexible with late checkouts (requested only until 14:00). This was our first visit to Bali and we wanted to stay in a familiar chain that we now, we have stayed various times in Sofitel Lisbon, Paris and Amsterdam, however Sofitel Bali is just not at that level.
Don't ever use this crap!!
Very old bathroom.
Did not find hotel wasy on my gps or google map
Poor rooms and service for amenities not working.
There is no telephone in the room, may be that helps us to call the reception and make enquires, though not a big complaint.
Bathroom was flooding with water after every shower, need extra towels in the room.
The hotel has a good brand and great location but desperately needs modernization and renovation.
Service was bad,i have to wait very long time just for check in,the room was not ready at 3pm,and so many other guess have to wait too.
useless because of the big watermark in the middle.
There was a large wedding that went on and on for days.
Long queue just to have breakfast (maybe seats are limited).
New design from the update is no good (not user-friendly) especially from the elders.
brunch at ccc restaurant is not as good as i expected it to be
I'd like to be able to see who's online, so I know their whereabouts, as well as their statuses and description or the "About Me" if you will.
Uninstalling.
under renovation the hotel needed updating and there were no shelves in the cupboards to put your stuff in only hanging space.
Second bar too full so when we all met at 1830 had to go to a local pub!
The English speaking TV channels appear to mainly cater for USA audiences - there are others ie Sky and BBC - were listed as being available but sadly never appeared ??
When I downloaded it i needed to buy it!!!
we was very upset about our room we felt it not clean when we first arrived there was toothpaste still on the tap where the last people had spit it all over tap and it made us wonder had the toilet been cleaned?
First time staying here and should have stayed where we normally do.
If things don't change I'm gonna delete the app.
We loved this Oberoi, but it might be too quiet/ not enough activities for a younger couple or young children.
Afternoon tea with limited time: 16-17 o'clock.
Stealing other applications features and putting into the Facebook and the Messenger.
The facility inside needs upgrading.
Don't go reinventing the wheel to try and look like your ahead of the competition.
Why you should "make better" something that do not need.
When we requested a very late checkout as we did not leave Indonesia until midnight the latest we could have was 4.00 pm.
I dont know why you guys are giving bad review this app works great
There was a fan in the living room however it was slow and we were sweating everytime we sat there.
They suggested Potato Head but (1) booked a table at 8pm when basically the place is empty and people are leaving and (2) said it was not possible to go with informal attire such as shorts, only long trousers!!!
Tracking information is never updated.
Very noisy on Sunday (loud music at bar). Lightning system in room not well designed (switches at inconvenient places). Breakfast was looking fancy but average quality.
This new layout is UGLYYYY.
It was difficult to get in or out with a trolley (have an escalator to the main floor). Even basic stuff like stuff for kids that they advertise in the lobby isn't there.
it is fast, but the controls are lousy, plus it keeps installing on my desktop shortcuts to place I don't want.
On arriving at hotel we found that there were much better value for money offers available in this hotel and in surrounding hotels and we were not even offered an upgrade.
Cracks in walls, missing plaster floor boards coming up.
Calls for more towels go unanswered and served.
The Forums are almost 0 help
it was horrible I had it for months no problem then I had to pay for it to upload it so I'm not wasting $40 on one year of editing!!!
Come on!
the room was not in good condition
I kept telling the waiter that I was allergic to shrimp and to separate the shrimp from the platter but they kept mixing it other than that nothing bad to say about Sofitel!
Unfortunately Viber and I have been having problems for a few months now.
App constantly crashes and looks like it was designed in 2009... Have to open the app multiple times before I get to a login screen, usually receiving a 'not responding' error.
Nice game but there are too much ads..
My rating is terrible.
One minor downside is there there are no mini bars or fridges in the rooms.
But this one is in very poor condition.
Had to wait half an hour for our drinks in the bar.
It might be time for me to go back to using Swift for facebook
I bought Sodapdf 6 - worked well until stopped 'Saving' additional pages to a Document.
The beds are quit hard.
Wouldn't have been so bad if they'd have at least sat one parent near to our child rather than three seats the furthest they could possibly be away from each other!
Fake and full of adware, unable to run any IOS apps until you pay for it and the license is very expensive.
The bed was very hard and pillows too.
I don't want to manualy download desired GIF to send it, rather want to find it directly as app extension.
Have stayed here many times and this was by far the worst yet.
Please fix this quickly, because I really love this game - and I don't want to have to uninstall it because it doesn't work.
Sunken pool bar feels abit oily from everyone in and out of the sun with sunscreen and oils
The software does look great , however is not compatible with windows 7 :-(
Not a user friendly interface and so much more.
Very disappointed, irritated, disgusted.
I run a 3.4ghz quad core, 16gb system memory, with dual GTX 760's in SLI -this thing STILL takes FOREVER to load, and runs slower than molasses once it's up.
Various emails send to customer service have not fixed this problem.
After I again activated it all the photos vanished.
Few addon but is ok.
There were also building works near the pool which was a annoying when trying to relax by the pool.
Breakfast was good, however varieties seems reduced from the last time i was there 2 years ago.
Hotel management explained this "winter season". Breakfast is very poor, room service has limited worktime, mini bars in the rooms are empty, there is not even water
The reason this program is free is because it is worthless.
Expat Shield was a pain to install, bombarded us with ads and spam, and made watching BBC not worth the hassle.
If I had to pick a niggling point, it would be that the bed we slept on, had a beautiful wood surround around the mattress as well as the fact it was a four poster bed, however, even though there was a step to assist us to get onto the bed, I found it a little difficult to get onto and off the bed without assistance from my husband.
Couldn't find a place to sit.
The new layout is hideous.
Room decor is bit on the 'sparse' side.
Where do I start, the reception staff were rude and uninterested, the bathroom was dirty and mouldy, the pool we looked out onto was noisy with loud music usually until 9pm but for some reason the first night we were there it was still going at 11pm.
I really don't want a Skype memory story or to be forced into ombre text bubbles.
The game is great, when it opens...
Slow.
That specific room was situated near the parking area so it was a bit uncomfortable to see people walking and looking at us swimming, since the barrier/wall/plants were not tall enough.
When i signed up i was promised a free item that I had to pay $1 for shipping and handling which was fine until it seems as if i was given the run around about my package that i still have not received.
The new algorithm way means I miss a lot.
This redesign is terrible.
No coffee pot in room is a BIG negative for me.
No options to change it back??
But this camera has way too many ads.
Its just crappy additions to a decent app.
I needed an app like deezer, but when i turned it on it would only play the song on my phone.
Eventually I gave up.
The thing is that when I click the install exe file twice, there is nothing happen.
Why can't you leave at least one app to be what it is?
Could not recommend this hotel it is certainly not five star.
No upgrade available, hotel was full.
I have installed MP3 Rocket but can not finished installation.
VERY DIRTY AND THE AIR CODITION WAS FULL OF DUST!
The water also stopped in the middle and took 10mins to come back on because the building was fairly old.
Drinks weren't cold enough.
No airport shuttle provided/offered
I just can't type anything.
Staff is unable to keep up with guest issues, (presumably) due to the renovation and lack of qualified housekeeping and maintenance personnel.
The room was decent but smelled of smoke horribly.
Disgusting!
Damn hate the latest version, dont really care how the out look change but less much much function especially no more search history.
The casino next door and the McDonald restaurant get very busy very late at night.
Utterly unusable now.
aircon leaking and leaving puddles in the room everyday.
The laundry service stained my white shirt and weren't able to fix it.
We had three people and thought we were getting more of a suite or larger room.
Valves steam service is the worst customer service experience i have ever had!
The app is grand until you make sure mistake and very difficult to correct
Please fix it!!!
Rooms old and smelled stuffy, could do with a new reno, need more wardrobe space, the worse staircase in the middle going down to the main restaurant and pool area, and the light lit underneath the dteps ate really bad while walking up the stairs on my last day I missed my foot and have hurt my shoulder Always avoided it as it did not look safe.
The bed side lamps in the room were controlled with the main switch so they would only work when the main light came on, they didn't work on their own.
Videos transferred but purchased ones didnt play.
Staff very poor (except receptionists)
Also, it's not even possible to watch directly on the RTE website as the link just directs you to watch it on the Android app.
The ads are soo many don't download this app never ever.
nice game really spoopy ;-;
Staff is really slow and not up to the expected standard of this hotel
There is no elevator.
Execution: Very poor
worst
The room was roasting hot without a way to cool it off.
I paid extra for upgrading to the pool excess room but there were lots of particles of dust in the pool so it was disgusting.
Anyone with Android 5 or above it cannot backup or restore data correctly.
The drainage in the sink of the bathroom was a little blocked and it was so uncomfortable.
It takes much too long to download and then does not work.
I cannot remove contacts, i dont have choice to call via skype or to actual phone, i dont have choice to send skype messages or SMS.
The problem is the performance, very slow even on a very fast connection, a good graphics card and a decent computer.
For this price you have a chance to feel like Cinderella on a dirty, stinky and noisy poultry yard, where chinese children use grass and trees as a WC.
Got to my room and the smell of dog urine was so bad I nearly wanted to vomit.
Unfortunately, it often fails to listen to the end of a sentence, misunderstands me (pronunciation), misparses sentences often, so it does not make me feel confident that what I am saying is correctly translated in these SE Asian languages.
Room was small.
It was hard to enjoy the view since it was hard to get to the window.
No light in the shower area of the bathroom.
Even if I prepaid the room's fee about 2 months ago;but she didn't give me any document about that at the check-in time..
Free Limited options
It was very strange considering the good service we had had up to that point.
The design is contemporary and almost good but just misses.
the hotel had no nice bar open in the night, where to sit, listen to music and enjoy a drink.
You are catering to the wrong audience, Skype, kids aren't going to leave Facebook and run to Skype.
Main Restaurant and lobby is open door on both sides and pretty hot
had problem installing at first then changed the location where it was installed to C, now it works perfectly.
Watching Netflix in the evening was a disaster.
-had popups in-program when converting
When we returned mid afternoon and couldn't get in our rooms.
The location of our room was quite a distance from reception.
Microsoft you only had one job add dark theme and fix notifications.
Watch out they will quite you one rate then force you to pay higher rate at check out ..
I can't see their description either.
Young children swimming around the pool bar was off putting especially those unsupervised.
On duty staff seemed overwhelmed.
Bathroom and toilets not clean at all
I believe that we have a misunderstanding why Booking.com has collected Our Money since 2 months ago and never be possible to change date or refund.
We were not told that construction works were being done.
Should put warmer.
My only complaints are, I wish they had more hair options for none look like my hair.
Unable to acdess jarfile lib/MP3Rocket.
Limescale on tiles.
Rooms seem to be getting smaller, or my family bigger.
Their is no maphack
Staff seems to be inexperienced.
I like a number of the original shows but they cancelled my favorite one: Sense8.
I love using this site when traveling except this last booking I was mislead.
Bed mattress is worn out, also rest of the room's curtains, bathroom, etc
bad smell all over staff are bathological liers & they enjoy that, never again
Breakfast a bit modest
poor interior design/construction made it difficult to clean and had caused significant water damage to wooden floors (I am in construction industry myself) ...
And the food at the restaurant was good, but not great.
It would not even let me look up music.
are Nice taxis the most expensive in the world?!!
Breakfast is choas.
Several taxi cabs had difficulty identifying the hotel location.
AC need to be improved
This hotel is too expensive for this quality level.
There was, not only does the stuff take a very long time to ship (even though it says you can get expidited shipping, not the case with anything in my cart, it said I could in the add, but not the case when you actually try to do it) but..... the shipping is outrageous!!
Room next to us under renovation and very noisy with all the construction underway.
The room got a bit warm with the windows closed (to reduce the noise from late night revellers) and the breakfast coffee machine used long life milk.
If you are not claustrophobic, basic room is ok.
uninstalled.
The old tough non kind tall woman staff in the breakfast resturant
the windows image viewer is RETARDED by comparison in much the same way an ipod is to a real portable media player supporting FLAC and CIFS
The bed needed a new mattress, the soc k et for the standArd lamp was broken and despite telling the hotel about this it was not fixed nor any explanation given why therefore the bedroom was very dark.
The guy in the reception was so rude.
Terrible.
Not even fresh pots of tea, it was self service from a dispenser.
Practically ripped off Google Chrome on the visual display.
You are not alowed to do it alone, as someone from the Hotel´s staff must scort you, even if it is only to pick up your jacket.
It was carnage trying to get seated, people moving from the front to the back of the plane.
There wasn't any sign on it so I called elevator went in and it closed the doors after me but I didn't manage to press any button because they were inactive.
Seems pretty ran down and not worth the money we spent.
Fine for me alone, but for 2 people may be a bit tight.
-wanted me to add on tons of extras
We stayed for 2 nights and on the second night from 20:30 - 00:15 there was an unbelievable amount of noise coming from the room above us.
while we are taking our breakfast was the glass water dirty and bad smell.
I want to play on, but refuse to spend cash like my Mom does!
A bit far from the town and restaurants but a beautiful walk along the Promenade d'Anglais.
Had a few hiccups but the management helped to sort the issues out professionally.
There is also no parking close to the hotel (10 minutes away) and finding a free place near is not easy
Pathetic.
This new layout is a big clunky colorful nightmare.
The welcome drink voucher allows you no more than a 'shot size glass of orange juice'. The air condition sounds like a bus in the room.
The fact that the hotel did nothing to make this weekend special for us.
a liitle bit out from the main part of town and the buses stop so early in the evening resulting in an exorbitant 5 minute taxi ride.
No escape even at far end of beach Also food and drinks very expensive .
In this game, you just spin them, getting NO happiness from it but maybe just a finger ache.
Breakfast should be cheaper or included
If not logged in as Administrator but User starting PC Wizard is starting other programs and crashes !
Rocking chair on the balcony has to go, we kept tripping over the legs & the back of the chair almost smashed into window
Slight disappointment with issues arising during our visit relating to the drainage issues arising albeit they were dealt with promptly.
Rooms very tatty.
What a complete waste of time!
The room was clean but a bit out-dated.
Other hotels have nice restaurants and good bive at night whereas this one looks dead.
Works well out of the box, but soon after the software updates creep in the gremlins come out.
I'm from a different country and some of the words we use aren't the same as the words in the game so we don't get some of the words right.
Y'all need to have more people on this app.
We specifically asked for beach view but our room diş not have a view.
Huge dislike.
Room service is poor.
Reception staff were a little unfriendly on arrival and departure.
Please update asap.
Waiters were slow in the morning serving coffee had to wait for long to get a coffee and had to ask them few times until we got served..
It's a great peace of software, but it could be much better.
- Bathtub sink was dirty
the review is accurate but still the mentioned resizability is not there.
Elderly or infirm people wouldn't be able to manage the walk.
There eas a painting in the hotel, and it smells so bad ..
Level 107 and waiting gor an update.
Way to go Facebook for ruining a great thing.
For many times I have struggle with syncing photos or videos and i cound't found a good way to set my Phone ringtons.
The room was quite small and we would have much preferred to have had a second bedside lamp rather than the suitcase stand which was unnecessary.
The check in process was a mess!
Install failed "can't import dll"
Drinks were also very highly priced.
A terrible experience
Slower than a snail.
Pathetic!!!!!
Some of reception staff not too friendly.
not good but its not fun
Full of bugs, I've lived with it for two weeks and it has only transferred 8% of my movies.
The beach front is covered in coral which made it very unpleasant to walk on.
With the new update it's gone.
Beech pool was under construction but not mentioned during booking.
Door of the bathroom can't close
Not to mention I can no longer more down a line.
I had this problem for a long time.
Funny smell in the hallways and a drain smell in the bathroom the view from outer room was none existent but I'm sure other rooms have fantastic views.
Adds that have no problem playing and then terrible audio and video quality from the actual programme that also constantly buffers and lags.
No breakfast buffet!!
The lobby had a distinct smell of an unflushed toilet.
Cleaners do a poor job.
Trying to be Snapchat or something clearly and failing.
Completly unuseful
The service is 8 out of 10, the rooms are small, the back of the hotel faces a school which is loud, and the front entrance isn't overly welcoming.
I was happy with the adverts but now they are trying to leverage the popularity of iplayer.
However there is a cost in overseas transactions by the bank on each purchase,
We didn't like the masses of agressive locals who occupied the whole beach area in front of the hotel and forced tourists to rent chairs or purchase their products.
1. you can not switch from one browser or program while using 1st by the normal alt+>< buttons.
This new version is terrible.
Room was a bit tired, toilet cistern constantly running, overflow on bath was hanging off.
Ive waited over 2 months for my items.
Don't think we should have to pay for parking if you are staying in the hotel and the staff should park car for you like other hotels
Attitude of the staff, tittle is "luxury hotel" but their attitude is just like "motel"...!
Pathetic that there is also no food after 9:30pm.
Beach/water are dirty
Breakfast was good with a good choice that you chose from the night before but if ordering bacon and eggs it would be cold because it was cooked too early so we ate the cereal and yoghurt most mornings
This IS NOT a pdf editor!
She was complaining about everything while she's trying to give us room cards..
Current renovations to the ocean pool and the roof to the 'bali wing' are quite extensive and make getting to the beach difficult.
Sheets did not fit the bed so came loose when you moved.
So much fail
With no thermostat in the room it got bitterly hot during the night even with the radiators turned right down.
kids indoor club not free, slow response of room service for 5-star hotel, long waiting time for check-in
It was seven pm and his room had not been cleaned.
It's the most frustrating thing now that posts are not ordered by upload date.
The staff at breakfast were miserable
Not a 4 star quality.
Seriously guys, pay someone to build you an app or pull it from the store.
Not only do the videos on the website take forever to load, it's happening on the app too.
The spa is fabulous but too expensive
This new layout sucks, guys.
Doesnt work for iPlayer.
The way to screw perfectly good app.
it's not working on windows 7 64bit
Staff could be more empowered to make decisions like providing their guests with complimentary breakfasts and upgrades.
The reception is not efficient when checking in and out.
It wasn't terrible but I was annoyed 20 min into our visit someone blasted in our room and told us we had just checked out.
Okay speed, could be a lot better.
Would be 5 stars but have had issues after booking.
Location might deter some although we enjoyed it.
need more hero
not a very nice room next to cleaning cupboard lot of noise early morning
It has been a very hard walk for us With 3 bags from Bus station.
Expensive breakfast 35 USD per person a la catre menu.
Room was a bit damp because of the humidity.
The ship date has already changed once and now its late by about 15 days.
I for one, and foremost would not prefer this game to my entertainment.
With the new update, I can't see any new notifications.
Car park was too far away with carrying bags, shopping etc.
The pullout sofa bed isn't the most comfortable but worked for my son.
However, it does mean it's busy and doesn't feel "local"
Reception too busy to make a complaint.
Refrigerator door difficult to be opened
too much ads
Why can't I move the mini-video of myself anymore?
Very inconvenient when you're traveling with family or friends.
Worst experience ever.
Each message takes up an annoying amount of space above and below so you have to scroll twice as much to catch up on messages - especially in group chats.
The app is soo anoying I felt like breaking my phone screen.
Staff is really slow attending to your queries.
The beach isn't that nice can't really swim when is in low tide.
The temperature in my room could not be regulated and the street was too noisy to keep the window open, so it was too warm at night.
Yet another idiot dev who thinks every single thing warrants registering for an account.
Was ripping off every other messaging app really necessary?
Had a real bad time creating a USB boot stick.
The room was outdated.
Bad experience.
and what made it worse was on our last day we was taken to a room so we could get showered and dressed and that room was what we would have expected it was VERY clean and had a shower and no smell at all, my husband was ill in bed for two days and we still have bad upset tummies now we are home and we put it down to the smell coming from the shower.
Also, why bother with time stamps if chronology has been disregarded?
Hotel is really new and in my opinion there are still some things to refine to be perfect.
Tv system to old
Check-in: we arrived around 14:30, waited for at least 15 min to be assisted and when we checked in they said we have to wait for an hour for the room to be ready though Check-in time is already late (15:00). No information given about the hotel and staff not very helpful.
Cleanliness was poor and could have been better all round.
NICEFIGHTING STYLE NOTHNG MORE
After I forced staff to do something they somehow managed to get an iron.
I cant even see how to set up my webcam.
the internet was limited and was not very fast as expected.
THAT WAS WORST!
Not a big problem, but it might be nice if breakfast would be delivered to the villa, and not prepared at the villa, for a bit more privacy.
VERY misleading.
Hate it doesn't even let you watch movies!
This situation show how receptionists shouldn't behave.
Under sheet on bed was stained and looked like it should be replaced!!!
Nusa Dua is a little remote as it's almost a gated area, which makes going to restaurants outside a bit more difficult.
Reception staff also extremely rude.
After returning to our room from breakfast we turned on the tap and there was no water.
Breakfast - overpriced and mediocre.
I was so uncomfortable all night long
Even though we asked for a twin bed, the room had actually a double bed (made of two twin) that we had to separate ourselves.
both of us had restless broken nights sleep trying go get comfy on both nights and backs hurting in the mornings which neither of us usually suffer from
Not every IT budget can justify the pricing.
The room stunk of sewerage and when we told staff they would just laugh.
While our stay in Sofitel we understood that reputation means nothing to them,as after the conversation with two managers and later, we got no explanation why all it happens.
My issue with this app is that you don't always get what you pay for.
The cocktails in the bar were not great.
Absolutely terrible.
I have stayed at Sofitels before and have always been impressed by the 5 star rating, however not in Bali.
Number of good add-ons is limited
The sliding doors between the room and balcony has a serious flaw in keeping noise from neighbours who would party all night till 2am.
