I want to cancel my trip.
In addition, there should be some spa packages.
A recommendation I would make for skype is to have an option to choose between the previous layout and the new layout.
Would great if there is a step-free access to the airport terminal which is 3 minutes walk distance from the hotel for wheelchair and family with baby stroller.
I think that you should allow me first to read the reviews , then I'll decide about installing it
There should be a Free Demo Mode :/
It would be nicer if stuff shipped at reasonable times.
now I need it on Windows 7 PC
I would like to be able to crop photos, move pictures around in a collage and have more filters.
It needs extra clothes like cowboy clothes and hat etc.
Could do with younger people looking after.
I would like it better if you can have a bank where you can store the free half off hint to use at a later time.
You've updated the app to allow for posting multiple photos/videos in one post without creating a repost option for these types of posts.
Maybe continental breakfast could have been included in price.
I liked everything however, I would suggest that you put more umbrellas, such as, e.g. around the sun beds situated in the pool
The app would be a lot cooler if we could design our in clothes or mix and match outfits instead of having the pre made outfit choices.
Wish I could post to FB page
how to download Visual Studio for free?
It would be perfect if breakfast included in room rate.
Sofitel should consider using both restaurants for breakfast to make it more user friendly.
The only thing I'd have to say is that it'd be nice to have lounge chairs around the pool instead of bean bag chairs.
They could invest to make the sea better for swimming.
App is user friendly, but I would like to have the TOTAL price included.
Need to charge less for hints, or give more coins everyday!
This villa is so gud I don't think so there is anything I didn't like but yes there should be LCD In each room.
I wish they had 2 or 3 bedroom villas with private pool
I really like it but I wish you can "re-unsend"(I dont know how to say it) the messages that u send by mistake...
HOW TO DUMP BIOS ???!!
please send me the unlock code (15digit numbers)
Where's sms?
i hope there is more encyclopedies.
My suggestion change better pictures.
Sugguest for the owner to install more fans.
Wish there could be a saving point like every five battles.
I'd love to see more patterns and random events in future updates, and potentially more things to spend coins on as well.
I want to down-lode torrent file from flash get.
Water pressure in the shower and full control of the AC would be nice.
Bring the old version back!
Your review's pretty short - tell us more about this program.
Od you're gonna try and reinvent skype at least let the people who loved the old version go back to it!
Needs more control s and tricks..
How to delete the chat history ?
Please provide indian food at least twice in a week.
Are we ever getting the option of zooming in on profile pictures and the blurred borders for non-square images like whatsapp for Apple?
Pls bring the old one back!
I will cancel my subscription if you don't add automatic calls
Wish training and such were minigames, it would spice things up a bit and make gameplay addicting.
Provide the internet connection with high bandwidth.
Please bring back the like button, the way it is now makes a lot of things very inconvenient and frustrating.
I have got clue on how to download the software, please can you advise me on that aspect.
No goatee in facial hair, and no stretched ears/earring options.
PLEASE HELP !!!!!!
I understand there are rights issues, but can't you even include all RTE produced programmes?
would have lloved tea/coffee making facilities in the bedroom.
For such a price for one night, breakfast may as well be included.
Give me back the old Skype!
Only thing I would like to see changed is the fact when ur magickarp retires you have to start the league at the beginning again.
I think LG PC Suite could use a lot of fine tuning.
I loved the Skype preview for Windows 10, why couldn't you make something similar to that?
I WANT THE DOWNLOAD >.>
Rooms have standard key, maybe should be updated to key card system.
does anyone know how do download haerthstone on a apple pc
I don't want to manualy download desired GIF to send it, rather want to find it directly as app extension.
what is the process and method.
I have galaxy s7. How do i get it to appear in my verizon message+ app?
It would be nice if it could appear as emojis on other apps beside snapchat though..
It would be nice to customize a little more and pick shirts and pants not together new movie is options or newer shows or make up your own sayings
No options to change it back??
I think they should also come up with some points system.
Please provide this .
Do I have to uninstall Chessmaster eighth edition before I install the tenth edition?
The taxi transfer from the airport is quite problematic so I think the hotel should propose its own existing transfer service when bookings are made.
Just please bring the like button back...
It's amazing I am hoping it can be soon available for us Mac users :)
Where is Indonesian /Indian (Indian hotel chain) hospitality in here?!?
Rooms old and smelled stuffy, could do with a new reno, need more wardrobe space, the worse staircase in the middle going down to the main restaurant and pool area, and the light lit underneath the dteps ate really bad while walking up the stairs on my last day I missed my foot and have hurt my shoulder Always avoided it as it did not look safe.
please help.
More daybeds in the grassy area facing the ocean.
Will be good to fix some street light.
Sadly I can't find Giphy extension as it was in previous version of Viber but I hope you would bring it back as it was, maybe even improved.
Besides the fact that there's aren't quite enough rockabilly style haircuts, this is a great app that's easy to use.
How do I cancel before the 7 day free trial is up.
I'd imagine people are often taking perishable foods back with them from Ireland so a fridge in an airport iotel would be useful.
The lovely umbrellas around the pool need to be cleaned and freshened up.
where is notification icon in the notification bar?
There's no delete option ?
The menu could have more healthy snack options.
The only downside is I'm at the top level of the game & I wish they would add more levels faster than they have in the past.
is there another version for win8 ???
I need help, is it possible for someone to sell this PDF creator or get licence for it?
Thanks waiting for your urgent reply
I love this game if only you could put songs like stitches by Shawn Mendes so that you could play piano tiles with any song you look up any way it's an awsome game what I like is that it goes fast but at the beginning it is slow it helps me focus a lot.
i have forgot my password ..
The soda bottles from charizard sgould be x3, lp potuons should be removed and skill leaves should be at a higher rate.
I would much rather be able to pick the theme colours.
It's a very good app but please just change the pics view that appears while uploading the status Currently it's the flow view , could have been more better if the view was a grid view or same like the view that appears when we want send any image to any contact or else the control directly moves to gallery for selecting the images.....
OR MAKE GOOGLE TRANSLATE AN OPEN SOURCE, LIKE WIKIPEDIA.
How do I get the first alpha of 7 days to die for free
Not a big problem, but it might be nice if breakfast would be delivered to the villa, and not prepared at the villa, for a bit more privacy.
There should be an option to go back to ordering uploads by date.
I love this app it makes messaging so much more fun , I would however like to see the ability to add moles and or birth marks if I could do this to my avatar I would be so happy thanks
Make it so that we can add(contribute with) better translations in the Android app too!
Ok, I did NOT try this program, but isn't 22 megabytes a bit too much for a "light-weight" bittorrent client?
